Dwight down
what's with the jeans you know with
deney axe what's her name
Danny Danny that was the first obviously
mentally ill person that we've kind of
poked fun at that's a bit of a stretch
of a comment but that's what I'm saying
I don't make weight like I think you've
all been a little not Hitler
talking arrows I just wanted to tell you
that I really do love you alive and I
really do miss you Alya and I also want
to tell you that the place where I'm
actually going to poop in your mouth is
actually in your mouth oh not actually
outside of it oh and I probably might
smear it on your nose and see you know
yeah she just said I'm gonna do it in
your mouth not outside of it and now she
smear it on your nose well I mean like
where are you pooping you know I mean
it's interesting cuz they must have had
a proceeding conversation where he was
like wait a minute Danny you're gonna
poop in my mouth in my mouth or around
my mouth and she's clarifying no no it's
in your mouth you know what I think
actually happened she probably told her
plans of pooping hmm I'm gonna poop on
his mouth to Hitler uh hello Riley was
like wait a minute that's my lips are
you doing in the mouth or on this very
very important thank you
about two different and then he said you
should make a video where you said very
clearly where you're going to poop and
then she goes thanks Hitler and then in
this video uh yeah you should make a
video clearly stating you're pooping
intentions yeah where are you going -
Scott Danny Danny actually - no now ah
well because that is a big thing in
Germany yeah the Germans are lunch I -
as a scheisse scheisse up awesome okay
so Hitler told her to do this is what
you're saying
like he was like Donny you want to want
to suck on these dick nips of mine